Developer's guide (#146)
CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl: docs/src/DevelopersGuide.md

Reviewer: Hi, hopefully I'm commenting in the right place! Since you're all way more experienced with github and coding, feel free to disregard these suggestions, but as someone new to the world of github/etc, I've given a couple things I noticed.

I really like the explanations and the way in which it's written and divvied up! Maybe when you mention in the Unit Tests section that `There is some boilerplate code needed to create the set with free parameters based on the default toml file from [CLIMAParameters](https://github.com/CliMA/CLIMAParameters.jl).` it could be helpful to point the reader to where they might find an instance of this code? Also, as someone who just recently learned what GPU stands for, maybe the first time you mention GPU it could be good to write `Graphics processing unit (GPU)`? Also when you list `Other files that may require editing after you make a new function`, even though you mention adding to API.md immediately below that list in the documentation section, it could be useful to mention that in the list as well even if it's just saying like "see below for a full description" just so that the list is more comprehensive? Other than those tiny comments, I found it really well put together and actually learned some useful new things upon reading it!

# Developer's Guide

> This doc is meant to guide any new developers with organization/formatting and common bugs associated with CloudMicrophysics.jl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This doc is meant to guide any beginner developers with organization/formatting and common surprises associated with `CloudMicrophysics.jl`.
```

## GitHub Pull Requests (PR)

> After creating a new branch, create a PR on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We work on branches of the main repository, rather than personal forks.
Each branch name should ideally start with your initials, followed by short
  name relevant to what will be added in that branch. 
It is considered a good practice to open an issue that describes the planned work
  before starting the implementation.
This allows you to get feedback from other developers and advertise the planned work to the group.
When the implemented code is ready for review, create a pull request (PR) on GitHub
  and tag the issue it is addressing.
```

>     There, you can comment the purpose of your branch and what needs to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In the PR you can describe which parts of the relevant issue are solved and what needs to
```

    be done to reach that goal. You can request reviewers to look over
    and approve your work. 

When creating PR's on GitHub, you will find that every

>     commit & push you make will go through checks. These checks are required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    commit & push you make will go through continuous integration (CI) checks. These checks are required
```

    to pass before merging.

> The ``JuliaFormatter / format (pull_request)`` check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `JuliaFormatter / format (pull_request)` check
```

>     ensures consistent formatting. If this check fails, you can click on details
>     to see where and how your formatting needs to be fixed. If the correction
>     GitHub gives you looks the same as what you already have, it's likely that
>     you have an extra space at the end of the line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ensures consistent formatting. If this check fails, you can click on details
    to see which files are not following the formatting rules.
    You can apply the formatter locally by running 
    `julia --project=.dev .dev/climaformat.jl file_name`.
    The formatter might break if the code does not compile,
    so make sure you handle the compilation errors first.
```

> The ``documenter/deply`` check
>     can be useful when documentation is able to successfully build. Clicking on
>     details will bring up documentation of `CloudMicrophysics.jl` where everything
>     is processed neatly, including example boxes with plots. ``documenter/deploy``
>     and ``Documentation / docbuild (pull_request) `` focuses on documentation only.
>     Any errors will be related to documentation issues such as missing docstrings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `Documentation / docbuild` check builds the documentation.
   Errors there will be related to documentation issues such as missing docstrings
   Similar to the formatter, the check may fail if the source code is not compiling,
   so please handle those errors first. 
   If the documentation build was successful the  `documenter/deploy` check 
   will display the documentation page from the PR (click on the details).    
```

> The ``CodeCov`` and ``ci / ci 1.8.1 `` checks look at CloudMicrophysics library
>     as a whole. Oftentimes, if your files run fine locally, issues are related to
>     tests. See the `Tests` section below for debugging tips.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `codecov` checks what percentage of source code lines are exercised inside the tests.
   We strive to keep the test coverage high, but this test is not strictly required to pass before merging a PR.
- Finally, `ci / ci 1.8.1 ` will run the tests on ubuntu, windows and osx machines. 
   It may happen that the tests pass on your local machine, but fail on one of the machines provided in the cloud for the CI. See the `Tests` section below for debugging tips.
```

> Before merging, you can comment `bors try` on your PR to trigger a `build kite` check.
>     This will check if your code can run properly on GPU. If this check fails despite all
>     other checks succeeding, it is likely because a function used is not able to run on GPU.
>     Check your GPU tests for use of any out of place functions/commands (for example, `@warn`
>     will not work on GPU).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `CloudMicrophysics.jl` has a small set of tests that are run on the GPUs. They are triggered when trying to merge a PR and are handled by `buildkite`.  You can also trigger them manually by commenting `bors try` on your PR. If the GPU tests fail, check for use of any out of place functions/commands (for example, `@warn` will not work on GPU).
```

> Once someone has reviewed your PR and approved it,
>     make sure to squash all commits so that the PR only has 1 commit.
>     To merge to main, comment `bors r+` and wait for all checks to pass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once someone has reviewed your PR and approved it,
    make sure to squash all commits so that the PR only has 1 commit.
We (still) use `bors` bot to manage PR queues.
To merge your PR into the `main` branch, comment `bors r+` and wait for all checks to pass.
```

## New Functions

When creating a new function, remember to include docstrings and tests.
    Docstrings should be written immediately before a new function or module,
    no new lines in between. It should start and end with a line consisting of
    three consecutive quotation marks. The second line should have the function's
    name preceeded by exactly 4 spaces so that Julia can recognize it as a
    docstring. Examples can be found in the source files immediately before
    any function or module is defined. Be sure to also add the function to `API.md`
    in the docs folder so that it can be properly included in the building of the
    documentation.

All functions should have their own performance, GPU, and unit
    tests. See the ``Tests`` section below for more information.

Other files that may require editing after you make a new function are

>  - `index.md` (found in docs folder) under the list of things that CloudMicrophysics.jl includes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `index.md` (found in `docs/src` folder) if you want to mention the new additions on the main documentation page
```

>  - `make.jl` (found in docs folder) if you are adding a new file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `make.jl` (found in `docs` folder) if you are adding a new file to the documentation
```

>  - `runtests.jl` (found in test folder) if you are adding new test files for unit tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `runtests.jl` (found in `test` folder) if you are adding new test files for unit tests
```

## Tests

### Performance Tests

> Performance tests check the performance of functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Performance tests check the memory allocations (there should be none) and execution times 
  of some of the functions.
```

    They are found in the test folder under a single file named `performance_tests.jl`.

You can add performance tests for your new functions in the `benchmark_test(FT)`
    function. Parameters are listed at the start of the function. If there is a
    parameter that your function needs which is not listed inside the function, add them
    here. Next, add your performance tests under the comment with the file name which your

>     new function is in. This is done by calling `bench_press(function_name, (Parameter1, Parameter2), 40)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    new function is in. This is done by calling `bench_press(function_name, (Parameter1, Parameter2), min_time)`.
```

>     The last argument is an estimate of the minimum runtime of the function. At first, you
>     can use 40. Run the file to see if the tests run successfully. If a test fails, the terminal
>     will output the actual minimum runtime. Replace 40 with double of what the terminal
>     states the runtime is. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The last argument is an estimate of the minimum runtime of the function. It may take some trial and error
    to find a number that will satisfy the `ci` tests that are run on different operating systems.
```

> A common issue related to performance tests is that the
>     checks on your PR will fail due to minimum runtime being too small.
>     You can identify which specific performance test is failing on GitHub by
>     clicking on ``details`` next to a failed check (typically the ``CodeCov``
>     or one of the ``ci / ci 1.8.1 `` checks). Adjust the estimated minimum
>     runtime appropriately and this should fix your error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common issue related to performance tests is that the
    checks on your PR will fail due to minimum runtime being too small.
    You can identify which specific performance test is failing on GitHub by
    clicking on details next to a failed check from
    one of the `ci / ci 1.8.1 ` checks). Adjust the estimated minimum
    runtime appropriately. 
```

### GPU Tests

> GPU tests ensure that all code is able to run on GPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GPU tests check that some `CloudMicrophysics.jl` functions are able to run on GPU.
Right now, we do not check the whole library on the GPUs.
```

    checking that a certain input returns a known value.

If you are receiving precision errors when running the `gpu_tests.jl`
    file locally, it is likely because the tests are being ran twice: once with Float64
    and again with Float32. This can be fixed by increasing the tolerance of your tests
    or creating if-else statements.

### Unit Tests

Unit tests ensure that parameterizations make physical sense.
    They can be found in the test folder under files named after corresponding source files.
    If you created a new source file to add your function in, create a new test file that
    would include unit tests for all functions in that new source file. If creating a new file
    for unit tests, make sure you import `Test` and any other necessary libraries.

Inside unit test functions, add parameters you would like to test
    at and create separate testsets for each new function you've made. Add tests
    using `@test` followed by a bool statement (i.e. 3 > 2, 19 = 19, 19.10001 ≈ 19.0).
    Some possibile tests include checking if something is smaller/greater at warmer/cooler
    temperatures, if assertion errors are returned when a function is used outside its

>     valid range of parameters, or if a function is zero at certain input values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    valid range of parameters, or if a function is zero at certain input values.
    Writing good tests id difficult, but at the very least we strive that all functions are exercised in some way in tests. So that at the very least we can catch changes in the API.
```

## Squashing Commits

> To keep things tidy, we want PR's to have only one commit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To keep things tidy, we want PR's to have very few (ideally only one) commit
```

>     before merging to the main branch. One way to squash multiple commits into
>     one is rebasing through the terminal. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    before merging to the main branch. You can squash and rebase multiple commits into
    one in your favourite editor (VS Code, Vim etc).
    In case of doubt, see git tutorials on how to squash and rebase or reach out to other developers in our team.
    Sometimes it pays off to create a backup branch before starting. 
```

> 
> To start a rebase on your branch, use `git rebase -i HEAD~<n>` where `<n>`
>     is the total number of commits you have on your PR. This will return a list of
>     your commits. Type ``i`` to go into editting mode. Replace ``pick`` on all but
>     the first commit with ``s`` to squash the commits. Exit editting mode by typing
>     ``:wq``. You will then need to edit the commit message by typing ``i``. The commit
>     message is by default a long list of all the commits you just squashed. Clean it up
>     so that there is a one-line message that describes what the PR is for. Once message
>     is done, type ``:wq`` again. Immediately force push with `git push -f` -- **do not
>     synchonize your local branch to the remote one before force pushing (i.e. don't do a normal push or pull before force pushing)**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

  If this check fails, you can click on details
  to see which files are not following the formatting rules.
  You can apply the formatter by running
  `julia --project=.dev .dev/climaformat.jl file_name` in the terminal.
  The formatter might break if the code does not compile,
  so make sure you handle the compilation errors first.
- The `codecov` shows what percentage of source code lines are exercised inside the tests.
  We strive to keep the test coverage high, but this test is not strictly required to pass before merging a PR.

Once the PR is opened, you can request reviewers to look over and approve your work.
To keep things tidy, we want PRs to have very few (ideally only one) commit
  before merging to the main branch.
You can squash and rebase multiple commits into one
  in your favorite editor (VS Code, Vim etc).
In case of doubt, see Git tutorials on how to squash and rebase
  or reach out to other developers in our team.
The first couple of times it pays off to create a "backup branch" before starting your rebase,
  and then comparing afterwards if the rebased and backup branches are identical.

> 

Reviewer 3: If the main branch has been updated after your branch was created, you will need to rebase onto the main branch. To do this, run `git rebase origin/main` and solve any conflicts manually. This is done more easily if you only have one commit.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the main branch has been updated after your branch was created, 
you will need to rebase onto the main branch. To do this, 
run git rebase origin/main and solve any conflicts manually. 
This is done more easily if you only have one commit.

```
